java cIFN555 Programming Assignment Weighting: 50%    Total Marks: 100    Individual Due Date: 11.59 pm Friday 30th August 2024 Submission: Online via QUT Canvas 
Problem Specification: Alpha’s Murals is a company that paints interior and exterior murals for both business and residential customers. Write a program named BetaApp that performs the following tasks:Task 1: Display your personal information including your last name, first name and your student ID. Make these surrounded by a border composed of asterisks.Task 2: The application prompts the user to enter the number of orders for interior and exterior murals. This number has to be between 0 and 30 (inclusive). Otherwise, the program prompts the user to re-enter the number.Task 3: Display the number of orders of interior and exterior murals. Compute and display the expected revenue for each type of mural and the total revenue from both types. Interior murals cost $500.00 each, and exterior murals cost $750.00 each.Note that all revenues should be displayed using currency format.Task 4: Display a statement based on the following conditions:·   If the number of exterior murals ordered is greater than the number of interior murals, the program should display “Exterior murals are becoming more attractive!”, else, the program displays “Interior murals are becoming popular!”.·   If the number of the orders are equal, then display “Both types are equally prefe代 写IFN555 Assessment 2 Programming Assignment Semester 2 2024R
代做程序编程语言rred!”Task 5: The user is prompted to input information for interior mural orders. Each interior mural order includes customer name and mural code: L for landscape, S for seascape, A for abstract, and O for others. Make sure that all the entered codes are valid (L, S, A or O), and, if not, prompt the user to re-enter the correct code. The number of orders should be the same as the number of interior murals ordered in Task 2.After the data entry for all the customers is complete, display a count of the number of customers ordering each type of interior mural.Then, continuously prompt the user for a mural code until the user enters a sentinel value. For each code entry, display a list of the customers ordering that type of mural, or display a message that the code is not valid, and re-prompt the user for a valid mural code.Note: You must use arrays in Task 5 in order to achieve the maximum marks. A sample screen shot for Task 2, 3, 4 and first part of Task 5 is provided below.In completing your assignment, please take note of the following:I.   You should not use any C# concepts which have not been taught as part of Lectures 1 – 5 and covered in Tutorials 1 - 5. II.   You should develop your code using simple logic.III. Test your code using your own test data covering multiple data sets.IV.   Your final code should not have any compilation/execution errors.



         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
